---
link: "https://lexingtonthemes.com"
page: Privacy
about:   Unleashing creativity empowering artists and designers worldwide
company:   Behance
employees:   2,616 (1,059 on RocketReach)
location:   New York, New York, United States
position:   Software Engineer
type:  Full-Time
salary: $100,000 - $120,000
companyLogo:
  url: "/logos/behance.svg"
  alt: "#"
---
# Behance Company Profile

Behance, a **pioneering force** in the digital creative world since its inception in 2006, stands as a premier online platform dedicated to transforming how artists, designers, and creative professionals globally exhibit their talents. As a subsidiary of Adobe, Behance not only acts as a portfolio showcase but also integrates seamlessly with Adobe's suite of creative tools, enhancing the user experience for its diverse and vibrant community.

## Key Highlights of Behance

- **Global Creative Network:** Behance serves as a melting pot for creative minds, hosting an expansive range of disciplines such as graphic design, photography, illustration, and more. This diversity fosters a rich exchange of perspectives and styles.

- **Innovative Portfolio Display:** The platform offers sophisticated tools for users to present their work compellingly, supporting rich media formats and interactive content to make each portfolio stand out.

- **Community Interaction and Growth:** Behance's interactive environment encourages creatives to connect, critique, and collaborate, building a supportive network that fuels innovation and personal growth.

- **Industry Exposure and Opportunities:** With its widespread industry recognition, Behance is a go-to source for talent scouting, offering artists visibility among top brands and agencies worldwide.

### Enhanced Perks and Benefits

- **Work-Life Synergy:** Embracing flexible work hours and remote work options, Behance supports a healthy balance between professional and personal life.

- **Rewarding Career Path:** Competitive salaries, performance incentives, and clear career progression paths ensure that talent and hard work are duly recognized and rewarded.

- **Comprehensive Health and Wellness Programs:** A full spectrum of healthcare benefits, including wellness programs and mental health support, cater to the holistic well-being of employees.

- **Retirement and Financial Security:** A robust 401(k) plan with company matching, alongside financial planning assistance, aids in securing employees' futures.

- **Continuous Learning and Development:** Investment in professional growth through workshops, courses, and access to cutting-edge creative tools and software.

- **Culture and Community Engagement:** A vibrant office culture enriched with creative events, social gatherings, and community outreach programs fosters a sense of belonging and teamwork.

- **Exclusive Creative Resources:** Employees enjoy discounts and privileged access to Adobe's suite of creative software, along with a range of artistic tools and resources.

Behance's commitment to empowering creatives while fostering a dynamic, inclusive, and nurturing work environment remains at the forefront of its mission, making it a beacon in the creative industry.
